Welcome back in the previous few steps we talked a lot about this spring cloud config server the spring cloud
config server used to manage all the configuration related to multiple micro services.
So here we have multiple micro services and there would be configuration for each of these micro
services for different environments.
We saw how we can configure the properties put limits service for different environments using
this  sping cloud config server
all that we had to do was to create a few property files with specific naming convention in the GIT repository
and commit them in.
And then we were able to connect the sping cloud config server to the GIT repository to be able to
serve those configuration.
We connected the limits service to the spring cloud config server to pick the values from the
GIT repository.
So let's say here want now to connect another micro service to the spring cloud config server.
What would be the steps that would be involved.
Number one is you have to create those configuration the GIT repository and commit them in.
So if I want to say currency exchange service and I would want to create the configuration for QA
I would probably name it as currency hyphen exchange hyphen service hyphen Q8 dot properties and put
the property configuration in there and commit it down to the GIT repository.
The next thing you do is to connect the currency exchange service to the spring cloud config server.
So instead of application dot properties we would rename the configuration file to bootstrap dot properties
and put the URI for this sping cloud config.
Server those are the only two steps which are in involved.
Once you have spring cloud config server installed connecting a new Micro serviceto it is a cakewalk.
The great thing about the spring cloud config server is now all application configuration is in one place
it's inside the GIT repository.
Once you restrict the access to the GIT repository all the application configuration is at one place and
it's also very secure.
One of the things that we saw was we had to restart the limits service to pick up the changes in configuration
from the GIT repository.
And that becomes even more problem where there are multiple instances of the Limits service.
The reason why we called the limits service Micro service because we would want to be able to deploy to the cloud
and would want to be able to have multiple instances of it running and we would want these instances
all instances to pick up the configuration changes as soon as they are available in the GIT repository.
And we would want to have a easy way of doing that.
That's one thing we would look at in a later section on sping cloud config server.
Let's put a pause on the discussion on sping cloud config server here and move into other important
problems related to micro services
We will come back to spring cloud config server when we would talk about using spring cloud bus to
make sure that all the changes all the configuration changes that are done through the GIT repository are
automatically reflected in the applications.
Until the next step bye bye.